Why are you taking the back-end class? What are your current expectations of the back-end class?
	I feel that I like working on JavaScript and algorithm. I look for something more challenging, something I have to take time to figure. I feel that I learn faster this way: when I solve problems. 

Before front-end class, did you have coding experience? What computer language(s) and how long ago?
	I did take Python class in college. It's probably in 2018. I also learned R and SAS during the time as well. HTML/CSS/JavaScript are relatively new for me but I still feel the same with the logic.

What front-end topics did you find difficult or what did you struggle with?
	I think JQuery is pretty complicated. I did watch some Youtube Video about DOM method. I feel like, though it's a lot of work, it's easier to understand. 

Did the front-end class meet your expectations? Explain how it did or did not.
	I still feel that we should've learned Flex and Grid in class. I self-taught these subjects later before we did the last project. I strongly believe that it makes layouting the page much easier.  

Are you switching careers or looking to add skills to your resume? Why?
	At first, I wanted to add skills to my resume. Now the more I learn about web development, the more I like it. I perhaps look for switching the career to this field. Hopefully I could get a job.

What books or other resources are you depending on outside of class to enhance your learning?
	I watched a lot of tutorials on Youtube. I did a challenge on HackerRank and Leetcode now. I did it with JavaScript. Sometimes it's so difficult and takes hours to solve the challenge, but I enjoy it.

Other than HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, what other computer languages are you currently learning or are interested in learning? Why?
	Currently no. JavaScript alone still has so many subjects that I don't know. However, in future, I look onto C++ or C#. I think they are very well-known for using in software engineer. I'm interested in the career. 

Where do you see the industry going in the future?
	I don't know really. Things move very quick these days. I might have computer writing codes or solve complex problems, or generate algorithm for us. AI is another subject I'm interested. I'll take it on in future.

After taking the back-end class do you plan or have already planned on continuing your learning in tech? What specifically do you plan on focusing?
	I do. I might look for more advanced bootcamp. Apprenticeship programs from tech companies is also intriguing. I'll try to look for and get in the program after finishing the class. 


